00:00:00 Chip
We talk through this, you can understand a little bit more about us.
00:00:04 Jeramey Ricks
Is uh is it okay if I record this? That way I like if if we do anything later. Yeah, yeah, of course.
00:00:12 Chip
Say one second.
00:00:17 Chip
All right, can you see the screen?
00:00:18 Jeramey Ricks
Uh yes, I sure can.
00:00:22 Chip
All right so basically let's just get to this slide right here. This is basically our model, Still down to one slide. So we come to EMS agencies, fire departments, and we are a solution. We are a solution to low acuity 911 calls. We can come into the system straight out of 911. We can match EMD codes to right side eligible lists. We can capture that call immediately out of the 911 system. It'll come straight to us. They never have to dispatch a unit on that call.
00:00:56 Chip
Alternatively, we can operate out of the field where the crew gets on scene, they assess patients, determine it's low acuity based on clinical judgment. Then they're able to send a call directly to us, prevents them from having to transport. It's more efficient. If we capture them out of 911 center because we save, you know the entire unit hour work. Uh, you know that they've spent on that call. Now, So where we are able to work with the patients is we're immediately connected to a patient navigator and a board certified ER physician. We strictly use board certified ER docs by design. Nothing wrong with mid levels, nothing wrong with nurses, but as far as the assessment and the care plan goes, board certified ER doc is going to do that. Got a few options there. We're going to do a right side telehealth visit, which is where the patient's cared for completely in their home, never have to be. Uh.
00:01:47 Chip
Leave the home, we'll DoorDash them prescriptions or over-the-counter meds, however we need to get that taken care of. Navigators actually going to deliver the care plan that the doc set up. And then we're doing a seven- day patient navigation, where she's followed up for social solutions. Clinical solutions are pretty straightforward. We've got our right -side telehealth visit as a primary way. We like to take care of people about 70 % of the time, we can handle the incident in that. If they do need like a urinalysis, they need some type of X ray, they need whatever blood work. We can just Uber them out to a urgent care, get that done. If they call because they really just need a primary care physician, we'll set that up for them. We can also get them set up with specialist appointments. We can deal with behavioral health as long as they're not suicidal homicidal. As long as they're not a threat to themselves or others, we're good to go on that. Where the magic really comes in with us is on the social side.
00:02:43 Chip
You know, as well as I do, How many people are actually calling nine one because they've got a social problem. Maybe, they have a vehicle, but it's out of gas, and they don't have ten bucks to fill it up. Maybe they've got a flat tire and they can't get it fixed. Maybe they went to the E R, Got a stack of prescriptions, but they don't have the money to get the prescriptions filled or they don't have a ride to get there. Maybe, they've got a kid that they call nine one for that has um. You know, they think the kid's got a fever. They say, well, I don't know what the baby's temperature is. You know, I don't have any Tylenol or Motrin. So I want to go out to Hugh Spaulding. All right. Well, how about the alternative is we door dash you a thermometer, Teach you how to use it, and we'll also door dash you some Tylenol or Motrin. And uh, teach you how to take care of this kid at home that way. Next time you don't have to call 911.
00:03:33 Chip
Uh, really just trying to knock down those social barriers. Now, the thing about this is we're we do this at zero cost to the agency. Uh, we will build a patient's insurance if they do have insurance, But we've got it built into our business model to take care of the uninsured at zero cost to them as well. So, that's a down and dirty of how we operate basically taking acute calls out of the system. And we are able to give those unit hours back to the agency.
00:04:04 Jeramey Ricks
And so in in the case of the individuals where they have insurance, like mom calls for a thermometer and some Motrin Tonal, she gets it. Doesn't have insurance, she's don't don't doesn't have to pay. If she does have insurance, then ask for it bill that. Yep. And then alternatively, The county, I am assuming or whatever, Do you look at like last year's calls to this year's calls to build off those savings? Or how does that part?
00:04:40 Chip
We don't build we don't build to the county or city at all. So we're zero cost there. So how our revenue works is we negotiate with health plans on the back end, if we're able to prevent somebody from being transported out to the ER. Having that unnecessary ER visit and then a potential subsequent admission is a value prop. And we'll tell them what we'd like to case rate based on that.
00:05:06 Jeramey Ricks
So you guys pretty much y'all call Blue Cross Blue Shield and say, hey, this is what it is that we're doing. If we ever get one of your guys, we can save you 1500 bucks. How about you just cut us a check for a grand?
00:05:17 Chip
Yeah, exactly. 100%. Yep. Okay,
00:05:21 Jeramey Ricks
That's pretty brilliant. I like that.
00:05:23 Chip
Yeah, yeah I wish I'd have thought of it right now, I had to also be a. Yeah,
00:05:29 Jeramey Ricks
That's fair. How uh how'd you get to be the VP?
00:05:32 Chip
Man, so I came in at a good time. I wasum came on when the company was new when we uh just got started. I was the first person, you know, that was able to come out here, you know, in the field. And actually start working through some of these things and as the company's grown, I've grown with it. So it's been a great opportunity for me.
00:05:52 Jeramey Ricks
That's exciting, man. I am really happy for you. Did you happen to know the guys that started it up at all?
00:05:57 Chip
So, one of the docs you probably know him that was involved from very early on was Doctor Domestikus. I don't know if you remember him from Grady, some of us say may have been before your time. So I knew him and you remember Doctor Bowers? Yes, She was also affiliated with them early on and kind of got some growth through them.
00:06:18 Jeramey Ricks
So that's exciting. So the docs are the ones that started it?
00:06:23 Chip
No, no, no. Jamie Rubin actually started this company. He's a he's an anesthesiologist by training, But he is a businessman over in the U S So. He's he's the founder CEO of the company and he's out here in San Antonio.
00:06:40 Jeramey Ricks
So that's pretty cool is that Is that where you're at now? What's that now? Is that That's where you said you're at now, right?
00:06:45 Chip
Yeah, I'm here at our corporate office here in San Antonio actually. So this week I've got some new, Uh, members of our sales team coming on board. So we're just getting them up to speed is all we're doing.
00:06:56 Jeramey Ricks
Okay. Well, uh with that said, um talking about the sales team, um that is why I built the tool that it is that I did. Um so do me a favor and on your screen, Um I'm gonna go ahead and start sharing my screen, but go to demo dot mededprep dot com on your side. If you have two screens by chance.
00:07:19 Chip
Yeah, let me plug into another one actually. This will take a few seconds. I hijacked somebody else's office.
00:07:25 Jeramey Ricks
No, I get that. Let's see if this will work.
00:07:31 Chip
You just visit in the main office? Still live in Georgia? Yeah, yeah, I'm only here, I'd say probably. Man, I come in about once a month, I guess. Yeah.
00:07:45 Jeramey Ricks
That's uh, that's that's about what it is that I am trying to get Heather over here on uh on my side of the state because she's over in Screven County. Andum and I am over here in Carroll County.
00:07:55 Chip
Okay, that's a good long distance away.
00:07:58 Jeramey Ricks
Yeah, She's uh she's like I start my morning at the border of the South Carolina Georgia and then I end it on Alabama Georgia.
00:08:07 Chip
Oh gosh, let me see if this come up. Shit.
00:08:19 Chip
Uh. All.
00:08:23 Chip
Right, you say it's what now?
00:08:24 Jeramey Ricks
Uh, demo D E M O dot mededprep dot com.
00:08:28 Chip
I don't know how she's getting this shit oriented in here. It's a damn disaster.
00:08:35 Jeramey Ricks
There is a method to their madness, I am sure.
00:08:38 Chip
I just don't see it.
00:08:41 Jeramey Ricks
I feel that way too.
00:08:52 Chip
What the fuck is this shit?
00:08:53 Chip
Hold on one second, Jeremy.
00:08:55 Chip
Are you good man? This is a disaster.
00:08:58 Chip
I don't know what she's got going on here.
00:09:09 Chip
There it is. Okay, I found it.
00:09:11 Jeramey Ricks
Perfect. All right, so So there there's prep dot com.
00:09:19 Chip
And and.
00:09:28 Chip
Alright, So I'm on here. Where do I go now?
00:09:30 Jeramey Ricks
Perfect. Do you see the same thing I see right now?
00:09:33 Chip
No, I don't. I see where it says start free trial. Oh,
00:09:38 Jeramey Ricks
Okay. Let's see.
00:09:38 Chip
So sign in and sign up.
00:09:41 Jeramey Ricks
Uh, where's my messages? How do I pull up messages on this thing? Oh, right there All right, I just sent a link in the chat.
00:09:57 Chip
Okay. Okay, now I'll get it. Perfect. Drag this back over. Okay.
00:10:23 Chip
I Am going to murder this person when I figure out why they get set up like this. All right, I am good. So, type the name.
00:10:29 Jeramey Ricks
Yep, so but only go past this first screen. Andum and whenever you get to the next one, um yeah, this one right here where it's asking. Uh about you know, join a live session or not, and you still got a little purple. Don't don't hit start training or anything on that one.
00:10:45 Chip
Okay, all right, did not.
00:10:47 Jeramey Ricks
Soum so I built this for me because I wanted to be able to do sales. And I wanted to be able to do demos and show people how to use the product without actually me having to be there or me having to do this. So, but I've got a few folks that we're bringing on to do sales. And so the idea is to be entirely phone call driven, not necessarily not doing Zooms or Google Chats or whatever, but but to try to reduce those. So guy guy his name's Seth Seth.
00:11:21 Jeramey Ricks
Calls or calls the program. He's like, "Hey Chip, I am Seth from Med Ed Prep. I am in the process of, you know, reaching out to programs that we think that might benefit from our product. And you know, would you got a second? You interested in some test prep?" Sure, why not? Whatever insert actually something that's smoother than that. But he's like, "Okay cool." So Chip go ahead and go to demo dot mededprep dot com. Okay cool. They get to that screen where you are. All right now, do me a favor.
00:11:51 Jeramey Ricks
U m where it says input that session code or that, that join a live session go ahead and click that. And then put in uh F R P three,
00:12:01 Chip
Okay, so click join a live session or start training.
00:12:04 Jeramey Ricks
Uh join a live session,
00:12:06 Chip
Okay, all right, and put in F what?
00:12:11 Jeramey Ricks
Uh Foxtrot Romeo Papa three.
00:12:18 Chip
F R P three, okay.
00:12:20 Jeramey Ricks
Perfect. Go ahead and join. All right, whenever you do that, it makes my screen refresh your joint. And now I can see on um on your side, whenever you move your mouse, I can see yours. You can see mine. And now um at the bottom of yours you should also see pen. Um so go ahead and hit that pen and then um start marking. There you go So now um so like I'm crossing over the update. Button right now. Am I pretty close to the update button on yours? Love it. So and even though my screen resolution is much bigger, We made it where you can. Um you can have this on two different size monitors, and it's roughly going to be about the sameum about the same uh, same piece.
00:13:09 Chip
We're a little off of it, but I mean not nothing crazy. I know what you're trying to do.
00:13:13 Jeramey Ricks
Right. And it's a huge pain in the butt because like my resolution, it's large and you know some places, you know they're not. So it is a little off, but I haven't found a way to do it better yet. Yep. If that makes sense. So and now that we're here, hey go ahead and click through this. You can click on Student Letter Report, and you can go ahead and start seeing some stats. This is what it is that we do Okay cool Now I'm going to show you what it's like as an instructor. Boom, you have this. This is for the last seven days. If it'll load, boom, there it is. Now there's our reports and we can kind of see all the stuff. Oh wait, We can do more if we can also get down into the individual students, and we can compare student one compared to student B. So does that sound interesting to you? So, that is essentially the I've made a cold call or a warm call out to you and you're interested, you got a few minutes.
00:14:09 Jeramey Ricks
Would you like to have this type of data on your, yourum, Would you like to have this type of data available for for you and your program? And but the other part about that, this right here, the demo, The demo mode that we're in right now, where like I'm driving and you get to see, you get to follow me about this. Um I can also give control. So now you you take it and you click on literally whatever.
00:14:35 Chip
Okay. Uh let's see.
00:14:45 Jeramey Ricks
There You go. And so now I'm just following, following your place. Andum, I can't really, I can't click on anything necessarily. But.
00:14:53 Chip
You've handed it off to me. Yep,
00:14:55 Jeramey Ricks
I handed it off to you and then I could say, okay cool. Now go ahead and hit. Uh let me put on my pen control. Let's see pen There, it is So. I'm like all right now. Hey, go ahead and scroll over to the uh to the right.
00:15:09 Jeramey Ricks
Okay. All right. There's uh now and then you'll hit you'll see a viewum view results. Oh hold on, what do I do? I might be on the wrong screen for that one. Oh hit hit instructor led management. Okay.
00:15:24 Jeramey Ricks
Okay, now this first one go ahead and hit view results. Okay. Boom there we go. And now this is just like whenever you're reviewing a program and then whenever you're doing something I can take back control. And then you see that. So, um, that is kind of the crux for it. Over here on the right side, Like my right screen is not going to be the same as your right screen on your side. But we have you know ask a question. We got our AI. Have a question about anything you're seeing? Okay, how can I drill down on past category scores into specific subtopics? Oh okay well it's being oh there it is okay cool so.
00:16:07 Jeramey Ricks
Um, I guess it was starting up, but how does pricing work? And then it kind of explains all all the all these things out. And it is linked up to an AI. And I am guessing that maybe it was like hitting something, but um, the AI is uh, it's not. It's it's. It is not trained on um or not, Anthropic is who who it is that we're using for for this. Uh the the AI chatbot over here to be the brain. Um, but Anthropic can't um you know take our data and and you know train itself on it. We took all of our emails and all of the guides and stuff that we have made, And broke them down into chunks to make it where the AI can view it pretty easy. And then as users have asked questions, We make it where it doesn't necessarily have to go through the AI because Chip, if you've already asked a question, and I've I have already paid.
00:16:58 Jeramey Ricks
You know, The the AI or paid for an AI to write an answer to that exact same question before. Why should I have to pay for that exact same answer again? So that's where we're saving the responses to that. So, the more questions people ask, the cheaper it's going to get. Mhm. So what um oh and one more thing, I s. So we've got the the sections. So it's like, hey, what is it that you want to do? Student management love that. Um here's how it is that you can do it. Here's what you can do. Or this is my side is, uh, it's got like a sales uh thing for it. Butum and then kind of kind of like some sales cards, but on your side, you should be able or let me actually do this I'm going to end our session. So.
00:17:56 Chip
Log out.
00:18:05 Jeramey Ricks
Continue training. So now, I'm going to see this is what's going to be over here. This is what you would see if you just if you would have joined previously or had the opportunity to join, this is the way it would have been for you. You did start training. What are you trying to fix? I can't see where my students are actually weak. Okay, cool. So you click on that, Welcome. Let's see exactly what we should do this week. And we can turn on the audio. Access analytics and reports. Discover the platform's reporting dashboards for tracking student and program performance across all exam types. It'll do that, and then I can do a guided walkthrough, I can start it. Review your student roster. Learn how student records are organized so you can quickly find and manage any.
00:18:51 Jeramey Ricks
So, and it'll it'll let you walk through the entire process of how to do this. And like actually be able to to interact with it.
00:19:03 Jeramey Ricks
Right. So. Um so yes. So that is kind of the the big, the big idea that that uh that we have over here. So what are what are your thoughts like initially? Now that I've shown you kind of where it's at.
00:19:18 Chip
So on that, First of all, super super cool. Love how that is. Question I have on this, And this may be where, you know, maybe I misunderstood a little bit about this is what would it look like to have some type of interactive training built? You know, specifically for us that is asynchronous that I could you know send you a.
00:19:49 Chip
You know, pre reported session or something, and we take the content, build that in. Have the ability to do like a, you know, trial call different things like that. You know is that something that could be possibly built in? Could it live on your system? I guess is how I would look at this.
00:20:12 Jeramey Ricks
Yes Dan, the answer to that question is yes. I could takeum I could take RightSide, And I could do this specifically for you guys. Okay. And and your and your system and and how how all that works. And so the uh.
00:20:31 Chip
So ours is ours is relatively simple, how it actually works. It's super straightforward. It's it's not a difficult system. Let me see if I can show you a quick demo real quick here. Let me start this one up here.
00:20:47 Chip
Let me show you what this looks like. I've been messing with her damn screens. I finally got them where I want them. About time. Yeah.
00:21:18 Chip
Mm. Swear.
00:21:30 Chip
It, man. Not being in my home office and just always. It's disorienting. That's it. One second,
00:21:38 Chip
I'm sorry. No, get his links. Somewhere close by, I just got to find it. Here we go. So now,
00:21:56 Chip
What's your day- to- day look like? You said you get to work remote from your other job.
00:22:00 Jeramey Ricks
I get to work remote from my other job. I like honestly and it's no secret, um, I probably, I've gotten to a point where I'm able to accomplish my work for probably like 10 to 15 hours of work a week at the at the office. That's awesome,
00:22:16 Chip
Man. That's legit. I mean, The thing about that is you're paying for somebody to get it done and not how long it takes them to get done. Correct.
00:22:25 Chip
And that's the uh that's the biggest thing that sometimes people fail to realize, but it sounds like your boss is pretty uh you know on board with, You do it. Obviously, there's multiple reasons for that, and that just works out extremely well.
00:22:40 Jeramey Ricks
It absolutely does, and uh and like definitely a blessing. And I I'm not looking a gift horse in the mouth on it, that's for sure.
00:22:49 Chip
That's right. All right, let's see. All right, so I want to show you just this quick demo. It's like literally a minute or so Yeah, It'll be maybe it'll give you tell me if you can hear it, tell me if you can't hear it.
00:23:05 Jeramey Ricks
Mm- hmm. I can't hear anything. Oh, wait, wait, hold on. It doesn't look likeum the uh, the the the sound on the thing it looks like, it's muted.
00:23:14 Speaker 4
Uh uh operator or your badge number and get some basic information.
00:23:20 Chip
All right. So this will start off with just in how this screen looks on their device when they're activating us. This is what this looks like. It's a Hi.
00:23:28 Speaker 4
My name's Charlotte I'm, a patient navigator with RightSide Health. And when you call in and start a intake with us. I'm going to ask for your operator or your badge number and get some basic information from where you're calling from and a little bit about the patient's demographics as well. First name, date of birth, the address that y'all are at. And then I'm going to read a short consent while we prep getting them on with the doctor. And I'm going to pass it off to Doctor Demeri to explain what she does.
00:23:55 Speaker 5
Thank you, Charlotte. At this point, I would introduce myself. Hi, I'm Doctor Demeri. I'm an ER doctor and I work with the 911 teams, And I would get report from the medic, get vital signs, and then talk to the patient directly. Figure out what's going on. Make sure it's low acuity. Make sure they don't need an EMS or ambulance transport. And then create a care plan for them. Do they need prescriptions? Do they need to go to an alternate care site? Do they need to see an outpatient doctor? And, then we would hand the baton off to the navigator to carry out that care plan.
00:24:24 Speaker 4
Thanks Doctor DeMary So once we're all on the same page about what the care plan is for the patient. It's my job to execute the care plan. So I'm going to be talking with the patient and staying in connection with them while we get their plan done for the day. And, then we're going to stay in contact with them for the next 14 days to resolve any other barriers to their healthcare. Thanks again for watching and we'll take your call soon.
00:24:49 Chip
So, you know, nothing crazy. What we would like is, you know, some type of demo that, You know, it's embedded, but you know it would be more of an educational. Right. And have it with a demo. And, if we could turn something like that into something interactive, where they had to kind of go through. And do the steps on, you know, a simulated screen would be pretty cool.
00:25:22 Jeramey Ricks
Yeah. And that is, Kind of where and that, that was really kind of sort of where my thoughts were, Is when whatever I was thinking about about what it was that you were asking, I thought that we could probably. You know, Do something similar to that, where you know, maybe and it could be dual purpose where it one, it could be a tool for the sales team. Hey, have you ever heard a right side? No, I have no idea what that is. Okay, cool. Well are you at your computer?
00:25:53 Jeramey Ricks
Perfect, and then so maybe it could have that initial purpose like that. But, then it could also kind of like how it was that I was showing you right there at the end where you follow the steps, and then it gives you like a completion certificate or something at the end. Um, and there is hold on, There is um let me see if I can't let me find a login stuff for this. Uh.
00:26:39 Chip
So, um,
00:26:45 Jeramey Ricks
I can't find the login on this one quite yet, but I'm gonna keep looking. Um, hold on.
00:26:55 Chip
So, are you working clinically at all as a medic anymore? Are you just kind of just hanging out?
00:27:00 Jeramey Ricks
I am just hanging out, man. Like, uh,
00:27:05 Chip
You miss it. You miss it ever every day.
00:27:07 Jeramey Ricks
Every day, like honestly, like if money wasn't an object and I got to do whatever it was that I wanted every day. I'd probably be on the truck. And like I don't know, but I'd be on the truck with a good partner. If my partner sucked, i'd be out,
00:27:22 Chip
I'd be out makes a big difference. Yeah.
00:27:24 Jeramey Ricks
Yeah, no, it uh it is definitely definitely rough. Um oh that's what it was wrong one. You can't even see my screen dude. I don't even know what it is. I'm trying to be doing,
00:27:35 Chip
You can do whatever you want to do. Man, I have no idea,
00:27:38 Jeramey Ricks
Are you? Um are you? Are you on truck anywhere?
00:27:41 Chip
Nay man I don't have time, unfortunately, I wouldn't mind doing a little bit somewhere. I just uh have zero spare time to do anything. Unfortunately, No,
00:27:54 Jeramey Ricks
I feel that.
00:27:55 Chip
Time to travel for me these days, and just is what it is.
00:28:00 Jeramey Ricks
Yeah. Okay, so this this what this is right here, This is kind of like the back end of where. So now we've had a whole bunch of people log on and I want to see who it is. So, like on the other one, um this is this is a local sandbox type thing, but on the the other oneum I have I've had this month, I've had thirty five programs. Um, Just like sign up and or like log in and go through go through the demo. Um, just on their own like folks that we met at a credit con. But, it's like you could log on at any time and and be able to log in and see who it is. That's that's uh, that's actually done it. Right. Um, And so, And then whenever I come down here, Um I can look at the uh, so there's there's who it is There's their email, I know what school they're from or or whatever institution.
00:28:53 Jeramey Ricks
They started it at 7:03. It took them seven minutes to actually complete it all. They got all ten tasks, all steps, And then I can look at the details of what pages it was that they viewed. And like when it was, how long it took them on each step, that type of thing. So um and then like I can for their certificate. So there's your certificate. They've completed it. You successfully completed the MedEd Prep Instructor onboarding. Love it. And then so you each QR, each uh certificate always comes with a QR code. And so you can click it, open it up. Oh, certificate's not found because of that one. Let me actually verify it. Yeah, let me show you one of these because.
00:29:51 Jeramey Ricks
Uh, we are in the process of finishing up our CAPSEum certification. Okay. Um, so we're we're in the the final throes of that. Hopefully I'll have that done here in the nextum, The next little bit. Uh, let's do you know what I'll just go here? Trinity.
00:30:14 Chip
And I'll see?
00:30:23 Jeramey Ricks
Surveys Lift. Yep, there it is. Okay, ah, get out the way. Actions insights. Oh, okay, cool. All, right? So this isum another part part of our system that we've got for the uh for their certificates. So what what happens isum scan it complete it, you and it issues you out a certificate, just like what it was that I had just shown. And then. Uh, download certificate. Here's their certificate. You can print it off. It automatically is going to show it to them on the screen, but it's also automatically going to emailum email it out to them. But can you do me a favor right quick? And can you scan this QR code? Yep.
00:31:10 Jeramey Ricks
Okay. How'd you get in time before I swapped away? Was that in? Were you able to get it in time? Yeah, I got it. Okay.
00:31:21 Chip
Yeah, thought that was that right there. Yep.
00:31:24 Jeramey Ricks
Okay. Oh, yep, exactly. And, so nowum you can at any time, every certificate that we make somebody can log on. Andum somebody can log on and be able to see that you print it. Somebody shows up to your your desk, scan it, and then it'll actually show them if they did it nice. So. So let me ask you this now:
00:31:49 Chip
When so these when you guys are building this out, you are selling if you build a course, whatever this course right here for said agency for whatever. Now, Are they is this specific to an agency? Or is this one that you guys offer that they can come in and take through Med Ed Prep? Is I guess I don't know if I am explaining this correctly.
00:32:13 Jeramey Ricks
Okay, so the only, T hing that we have actually uh the only one of ofum the only one of these demos that we have actually made has just been for us. Yep. Right, soum I I have done it. I know that it's possible. I know how to do it. That's it, um so if you know what was it? It wasn't Wiregrass you were at, it was Southern.
00:32:41 Chip
South Georgia Tech.
00:32:42 Jeramey Ricks
South Georgia Tech Soum, On ours, you go to demo dot mededprep dot com. I don't care if you are at South Georgia Tech, I don't care if you are at Grady, I don't care if you are in San Diego, Los Angeles. Anybody can go to demo dot mededprep dot com and they do it. The trauma commission, one this one that pulled up that certificate with the trauma commission. This was i made the initial training sandbox just for them. So it was going to issue out trauma commission training that way. The trauma commission could verify the other stuff. Um, but for for you guys, um, What it is that we could do is it could be it could be something where you know anybody could log on go to demo a demo dot? Uh, right site, however. Um and be able to log on or. Um it could be where uh they can log on. And there's a gate that is more than just gathering some basic information.
00:33:38 Chip
So look, actually, this one I guess let me say this. Let me say it this way. Say with Georgia Trauma Commission. Yep. You guys house training for them on this system? Is that correct? Correct. So, they use this system to put training on, or do you put it on there for them?
00:33:57 Jeramey Ricks
Or how does So there's no actual like like like training in that way, like in in the realm of the official uh the official training, Yes, but we do have this other part. So, this gtc dot mededprep dot com. This the trauma commission. We're keeping we have a way that's this certificate generation, every single class that the trauma commission puts on from here until whenever they are managing.
00:34:34 Jeramey Ricks
They're issuing out all the certificates. I get to manage all the classes. I can go into the classes and view the certificates and, um, And then, but you know they get to see, okay, we've taught 14 3 hours of airway. And then but you get to see kind of when it was that things started, how many students, Where those uh where those students are located or like where the classes are located, where the students are.
00:34:56 Chip
So, what is it? So, if I am in region five here, I am in region five. Okay. And I want to take a Georgia trauma commission class. I need to take a Georgia trauma commission class. Where do I go to take this class that you guys then track? Where do I. That's what saying.
00:35:12 Jeramey Ricks
Okay, So this one, um all of these right now, these are cadaver labs like these are all.
00:35:19 Jeramey Ricks
In Person things that they're doing. Um so we haven't done like official like online training necessarily, right. So and.
00:35:26 Chip
It can be built out and tracked.
00:35:28 Jeramey Ricks
Correct, correct. And. So what what we do have though isum let me see if I can pull, where.
00:35:40 Chip
Is it at? It is going to be LMS design.
00:35:58 Jeramey Ricks
Con text, Okay. And so nowum this is another thing. We we are in the process of building our own LMS. Andum but with that, um I just put this together for for the trauma commission, because there was a little a possibility that they might be looking into it. So I said, okay, cool. So we can begin here's your login screen. And this isn't like completelyum interactive in like where all the buttons work. But. But this just a mockup of what it's like, and you can swap. You could say, "Hey, okay, what's your colors? Love that." Go to the next page. Okay, this what you would see as like a state agency. How many regions do you have that's going through? What's how many students are in each region? Kind of like at you know what's the number of students that actually completed? Here's your at-a-glance stuff. There's your programs they're enrolled completed however and so just kind of like.
00:36:55 Jeramey Ricks
You know, going through the steps, you can change colors and all those other goodies if you want to. So this is going to be something that's going to be more like a traditional LMS Moodle Blackboard Canvas type Google Classrooms.
00:37:09 Chip
Yeah, You have the ability say DPH wanted to partner with you, and they say they didn't have a way to already track their stuff through LMS and stuff like that. You could build something for them where, There was a way to track it, I am assuming. One hundred percent. Okay,
00:37:28 Jeramey Ricks
And that's that's the funny thing about kind of where it is that I've been here lately is I started out as a testing company; like, I just wanted to be test prep. And then I found out that I wasn't really a test prep company; I was a data collection service because I can present data like nobody else's. And, then you know, the trauma commission and a couple of the places they came to me with, like these weird unique problems, like, hey. I want to host a class, and I want it to automatically give out certificates. And I was like, okay, that's cool. Turns out that doesn't really exist, like not to the level it was that I built it. And so what is, um, It's really funny that you called me the other day or or that you messaged me because uh, like the last couple months, what is that we've been doing is we've been saying that we are not a we're not a.
00:38:17 Jeramey Ricks
A testing company or an education company. We are an EMS solutions company. And. So you come to us and it's funny because like I've been the director of special projects at a couple different companies, and it's like I do the things that nobody else can do or nobody else will do or insert thing there. But yeah, So you come to me with a problem and I'll let, you know if I can find a solution to it. I'll tell you what,
00:38:45 Chip
I am here in San Antonio now. I am actually going to meet, you know, Here in just a minute with the people that actually deliver our training that goes out to the end users and stuff like that. I want to tell them that I met with you this morning. Tell them kind of the basics of what you think you could do and how one of the biggest things we could use this for is tracking. So, if we're looking at some of these bigger departments like Houston Fire or something like that. You're talking about four or five thousand firemen, you know, that have to get assigned this training. And we need to be able to track it, you know, to see what percentage of the uh company has done it. What we've done in the past is you know, kind of utilize existing LMS systems that um different departments have, but all departments don't have an LMS system. So, what we need is a honestly, uh, you know kind of our own LMS system, You know, and then a way to track it is what I was asking for.
00:39:43 Jeramey Ricks
And That could be what this is because like Houston, Houston Fire, whenever it isum like somebody's logging on, we can have the institutions. Those can all be dropdowns. Yep. Um. And then so it's like whenever somebody's going through and you want to searchum by institution, You can hit Dallas search. Now, everybody, that's from Dallas is going to show up right there. And thenum but. The cool part in that is it shows you not just who it was, not just their email, not just where they're from. Shows you did they actually complete it? Did they not? Did they never even start? And if it's incomplete, like how far did they get? Like this one right here almost made it nine out of ten tasks, forty nine out of fifty one steps. But it's still incomplete. And then I can tell you exactly where they dropped off.
00:40:36 Chip
I guess the missing piece we have here, which it sounds like we could create it, is the tracking part of this built out. And you know, awesome. What we would need, and I think as you said, you're a solutions guy. There's a solution for the actual training. You know, a place for it to live. Correct. And whether that lives with us or lives here or where it lives, I think that would be the question of how do we get to that? Mhm So super cool man. Well, yeah. Let me uh, I said I got some time with that team, actually here in about ten minutes. Okay. Let me uh talk to them about it. We're really looking for something you know that's more effective virtually. We've put out some virtual stuff and it's just it's not super interactive. It's not virtual, you know, It's virtual, but it's not super interactive. And we don't see quite the uh adoption that we do with the in person training, but we we're also stuck between a rock and a hard place where we're.
00:41:34 Chip
Looking at, uh, you know, this training five thousand people is not super realistic. So we're looking to kind of bridge that gap a little bit,
00:41:43 Jeramey Ricks
Scale it up a bit. Andum and and I think that uh I think that I think that I definitely have the answer to it to what it is that you're looking for? Andum you know, I I also like I. I need to let you know like, i i am. I'm an incredibly candid person. Um i am not interested in.
00:42:05 Jeramey Ricks
Like short- term things like I like once once once I start working with somebody like I would love to like continue.
00:42:12 Chip
So it's like if.
00:42:14 Jeramey Ricks
There's an opportunity for us to work together for a year versus work together for five years I'm going to choose the five- year route every time.
00:42:20 Chip
Yeah. So mean to me, you know, especially on the tracking side, especially on stuff like that. There's a lot of opportunity.
00:42:26 Jeramey Ricks
There wasum was this more than what it was that you thought.
00:42:32 Chip
So it was different. Okay. So. I was thinking in my mind, I was looking for a solution for the uh, you know, For the immediate problem where I need a interactive virtual training, built and somewhere for it to live. Which I think that can be the solution. But I think this is a back end, You know on, uh, you know, tracking it being able to manage it long term. So I think there's solutions here. The um the immediate You know, What's looking for is a training program being built out that's interactive and virtual and asynchronous. So, that's the one. Yep. So, I think there is an opportunity here, man. Well, I'll tell you what. Let me talk to them and I'll shoot you a text this afternoon. Maybe, we can set up a meeting with them later this week or next week or something like that. And let you kind of walk through it. Let them tell you what their problems are exactly and how we solve it.
00:43:31 Chip
Maybe you could put together a proposal, you know, For you know what it would look like and timeline and you know costs and stuff like that. Maybe we can have some deep conversations on that.
00:43:40 Jeramey Ricks
Yeah, no, I am one hundred percent open for that. And is there t here is one I had two more questions that I had for you? And I You guys are obviously growing so. Having a platform that would scale where anybody could join at any time, that would be ideal. And the fact that I threw in the sales portion at the beginning about, hey, you got time for a phone call? Would you mind putting this in right here? And then you can just do the whole thing over the phone secondary. But so maybe it wasn't a question. Maybe it was a statement. But no,
00:44:24 Chip
You're good. Well, if you have any that come up, shoot me a text, shoot me a call. I'm going to meet with you and catch up, uh next couple of days and I'll, let you know kind of where everybody's heads at on it. The one thing I do wish that we had was like, uh you know, it's fine. I trust that you can make a solution would be some type of interactive training, you know, That is asynchronous that you don't have to be on there that I could show a demo of.
00:44:52 Jeramey Ricks
I could probably do that. Like I I legitimately feel like I I can do that.
00:44:56 Chip
Just a basic, you know, just something it wouldn't even have to be related to what we're doing. Just you know something to show kind of how you go through a course, click buttons and you know do this and do that.
00:45:09 Jeramey Ricks
Yep. Yep, yep, yep, nope, we can. Um we can one hundred percent talk to them.
00:45:13 Chip
And then if that's the case, i'll tell you, maybe we'd like to see something, you know, something in a super basic form. What it would look like Can,
00:45:20 Jeramey Ricks
I ask you one more question that has nothing to do with any of this. Yeah, yeah. It has to do so. I'm going to take off my med prep hat on for a second. And then I'm putting on my my hospice hat. So. One thing it is that um that we we do uh, we do a lot of the same things. So um like med prep, We offer free test prep to high schools just because we think this is the right thing to do. Um at Trinity uh which is the hospice company that I work at, We bring on the indigent patients who you know nobody's going to cover for them.
00:45:52 Jeramey Ricks
Whatever it is, and um, the uh the other thing that we've tried to do, and I've reached out to like Cherokee County, Milton Cobb, like met with a few other places. One of the things that we want to do and that I've been trying to do is to get EMS um EMS assisted hospice essentially. To where I mean, you know what it's like you show up at somebody's house at um you show up at somebody's house. Why are we even here? Nobody really knows. She's just not feeling right. I can't take care of her. That's not an ER problem. That is, and it may be beyond a home health problem, But one of the things that we've done is uh, we wanted to, you know you're a paramedic on the truck, you call somebody or you've got a protocol, We've got some type of standard in place to where you go out to somebody, they they're like. Oh, you know, I just I'm really not feeling good, or you know, she's failure to thrive.
00:46:50 Jeramey Ricks
You call us, and we send one of our nurses out. They'll be there within a couple hours, and then that patient can be admitted into hospice if appropriate. And then um and then they don't have to go to the E R. And you know, and then like as a hospice company, we provide a lot of services. Like some she falls and breaks her hip. That's okay. We, can we were going to send out an X ray machine to do to X ray you at your house. We will send out a physical therapist if we can do it. It bills Medicare A and B. They bill separate, so it's like the physical therapist bills one, we build the other. So a lot of places are really nervous about liability, of course. And so that's from my perspective, that's where a lot of the hesitation has been on saying, yeah, we're going to sign a refusal.
00:47:43 Jeramey Ricks
And then pass them over to hospice who's going to be on the way, like not necessarily there before the paramedics leave because you know that's unreasonable. Right. So, but do you would something like that be beneficial or like Man,
00:48:04 Chip
I tell you, we have looked at, uh we've actually had a couple different hospice companies that we've discussed. You know things with in the past where. You know, in ways they like, you know, they would like us to refer into them. You know, in different situations and you know there's there's tons of opportunity. One thing that I'll say for us and how our business model works is how we're able to negotiate with um you know, the health plans and stuff is to avoid the ER visit. So how our interactions have to initiate is through the uh.
00:48:42 Chip
Nine one one call itself. So, we've got to have a nine one call or a nine one incident that exists that we're able to redirect is what I am saying. Sick person, yep, sick person. Anything whatever it is as long as it originates through nine one, and we're able to handle it, we can do it. And, you asked about the liability when a call comes to us and we accept it, we also accept that liability. Mm hmm. So there may be, There may be an opportunity we could work on those other things too. I mean, if we do operate at Cherokee County.
00:49:17 Jeramey Ricks
Perfect. So what we soum let me hold on, Let me pull this back up uh entire screen screen two share. Oh,
00:49:26 Chip
Just kidding. And dot org I think is our website. Um yep okay so.
00:49:39 Jeramey Ricks
Areas we serve.
00:49:41 Jeramey Ricks
Yes, so we are Bartow, Cherokee, Cobb, DeKalb, Douglas, Fayette, Floyd Forsyth Fulton Gwinnett Paulding Polk Rockdale and we just got Carroll County as well.
00:49:53 Chip
So of those were in Cherokee. We're in Cobb. We're in Douglas. We're in Fayette. Yeah. We're in Fulton. We're contracting with Gwinnett, So that's where we're we're in six or seven of those counties. Yeah.
00:50:11 Jeramey Ricks
Do you guys ever had a sick person call come out? The docs like, yeah, you know, we'll send you some motrin or something like that. I understand grandma lawn's got a UTI or I'll call her in some antibiotics or something like that. Yep. Um Well, That's that's great Give us a call We'll. Come out, do a visit. If they're appropriate Um You guys still get to bill insurance And. If we bring them on, then we bill Medicare. And because they're not doing same thing, like hospice is one hundred percent free to the provider, no insurance company or anything like it is. It's Medicare driven. You you and I. We have a guaranteed hundred and eighty days on hospice within our lifetime. Really, And the the problem is hospice is free um supposed to be free, And if you ever have a hospice company, that's charging the patients or charging anybody for it. Uh that's.
00:50:59 Jeramey Ricks
I'm not saying that that's that's fraud, but it's pretty doggone close. And I'm sure they're doing it legal, but um, but it's supposed to be free. And. So we don't um and and that's why uh, you, you have patients that are still able to continue to take their medications if they're on hospice because we aren't going to pay for it. But if their insurance company is still willing to pay for the medicines, they can continue on there. But, you only are supposed to be on hospice. Nobody knows when we're going to die, but like You to hospice is supposed to be not only do you have to have a continuous decline throughout the entire duration of your your time on stay in hospice. Um, you also it is a terminal thing. You if you if you come on hospice, Somebody expects that you are going to die within the next hundred and eighty days. Right. And if you live longer than one hundred and eighty days, the hospice company actually they get penalized in a way.
00:51:57 Jeramey Ricks
Because you're providing a service that the patient didn't need. Understood. And so, like, Because we have some patients that you know they get better while they're on service, but they might be on service for uh you know a year two years. Um. And if that happens, then every day that, that patient stays on past their 180 billable days, then the Medicare is going to come back. And we call them clawbacks, where they'll just take that right back from you.
00:52:26 Chip
That's not about for me. So, what we're basically looking at on this thing is say we encounter somebody, maybe referring them into you guys as a partner of ours. Basically,
00:52:38 Jeramey Ricks
Yep, that's exactly it.
00:52:40 Chip
Good. I mean I can definitely bring that to the care team. We've actually had in Henry County, a different hospice company reach us out to us and I've got to set up meeting with them here next couple weeks. We've got uh the hospice, Conversation has come up. I don't know exactly where the care team is looking at it on, but I can again, good timing. I'm here in town and I can bring that up to them here in just a little while. Send me send me a link to y'all's company real quick. Actually, if this page would be good, that would actually be awesome. And what's your role with them again Jeremy?
00:53:18 Jeramey Ricks
I am the director of education and special projects. Awesome.
00:53:23 Chip
So that would fall into here. Let me uh, we talked to him. I've got a hard stop. I've got another meeting I gotta get to. Okay, but uh, I'll bring up both of these things and me, and you will connect a little bit later this week on both of these. But I mean, I would love to have a hospice specific conversation with you or get you to the people who would actually uh be referring into that would be the way to go for there.
00:53:46 Jeramey Ricks
Absolutely And what I'm doing is i'mum i'm sending you an email, and it's going to include both links. And shoot me a message later. Let me know if anything.
00:53:55 Chip
Be safe. You see, man, see you too, man.